Update contributing doc (#90)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: CONTRIBUTING.md

```

Add your fork as an origin:

```sh
$ git remote add fork https://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/opentelemetry-python.git
```

Run tests:

```sh
# make sure you have all supported versions of Python installed
$ pip install tox  # only first time.
$ tox  # execute in the root of the repository
```

Checkout a new branch, make modifications and push the branch to your fork:

```sh
$ git checkout -b feature
# edit files
$ git commit
$ git push fork feature
```

Open a pull request against the main opentelemetry-python repo.

### How to Receive Comments

* If the PR is not ready for review, please put "[WIP]" in the title, or tag it
  as "work-in-progress", or mark it as "draft".
* Make sure CLA is signed and CI is clear.

### How to Get PR Merged

A PR is considered as **ready for merge** when:
* It got two approvals from Collaborators/Maintainers (at different companies).
* Major feedbacks should be resolved.
* The PR should stay at least one working day before getting merged, this
  gives people reasonable time to review.
* Trivial change (typo, cosmetic, doc, etc.) doesn't have to wait for one day.
* Urgent fix can take exception as long as it has been actively communicated.

> Any Collaborator/Maintainer can merge the PR once it is **ready for merge**.

Author: I need help on reviewing my English wording/phrasing.
e.g. should this be **ready to merge** or **ready for merge**?

Reviewer: I'd say "ready to be merged".

Author: Decided to follow the spec repo tag:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17327289/63184205-ac55fb00-c00b-11e9-9ba4-e793f6d01548.png)

information on this and other language SIGs.

See the [public meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CIMGoIOZ-c3-igzbd6_Pnxx1SjAkjwqoYSUWxPY8XIs/edit)
for a summary description of past meetings. To request edit access, join the
meeting or get in touch on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python).

> ## Pull Request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Contributing Code
```

Assuming we want the headers to be "what" and the body to be "how".

> ### How to send PR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### How to Send Pull Requests
```

> * Everyone can send PR.

Reviewer 2: Should this be a list?

> * Everyone can send PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everyone is welcome to contribute code to `opentelemetry-python` via GitHub pull requests (PRs).
```

Just to spell it out.

> * You need to fork the project in GitHub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Clone the upstream repo:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a new PR, fork the project in GitHub and clone the upstream repo:
```

Author: This is much better. Thanks!

```sh
$ git clone https://https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python.git
```

Add your fork as an origin:

```sh
$ git remote add fork https://github.com/YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME/opentelemetry-python.git
```

Run tests:

```sh
# make sure you have all supported versions of Python installed
$ pip install tox  # only first time.
$ tox  # execute in the root of the repository
```

> Checkout a new branch, make modifications and push the branch to your fork:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out a new branch, make modifications and push the branch to your fork:
```

Author: Good catch.

```sh
$ git checkout -b feature
# edit files
$ git commit
$ git push fork feature
```

> Open a pull request against the main opentelemetry-python repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open a pull request against the main `opentelemetry-python` repo.
```

### How to Receive Comments

> * If the PR is not ready for review, please put `[WIP]` in the title, or tag it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the PR is not ready for review, please put `[WIP]` in the title, tag it
```

  as `work-in-progress`, or mark it as [`draft`](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/).
* Make sure CLA is signed and CI is clear.

### How to Get PR Merged

> A PR is considered as **ready to merge** when:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A PR is considered to be **ready to merge** when:
```

* It has received two approvals from Collaborators/Maintainers (at different
  companies).

> * Major feedbacks are resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* All major feedback is resolved.
```

> * The PR should stay at least one working day before getting merged, this

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* It has been open for review for at least one working day. This
```

>   gives people reasonable time to review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  gives people reasonable time to review, and accounts for working hours in different time zones.
```

> * Trivial change (typo, cosmetic, doc, etc.) doesn't have to wait for one day.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Trivial changes (typo, cosmetic, doc, etc.) don't need to be open for one day.
```

Do we still want to require two reviewers for trivial changes?

> * Urgent fix can take exception as long as it has been actively communicated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Urgent fixes can be merged immediately after approval as long as they have been actively communicated.
```

Reviewer 2: Or consider moving these lines out of the list since they don't follow from the sentence above.

> Any Collaborator/Maintainer can merge the PR once it is **ready to merge**.

Reviewer 2: I think we can just say "collaborator" here and above since maintainer is a special case of collaborator.

## Styleguide

* docstrings should adhere to the Google styleguide as specified
  with the [napolean extension](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/napoleon.html#google-vs-numpy) extension in [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/index.html).

> ## Become a Collaborator

Reviewer 3: are these instructions more general to OTel? would it make more sense to reference a more general doc?

Author: Good point, I was thinking about this, too.
I decided to go with Python first, and then use the published doc as a proposal to see if other languages are willing to follow. If yes, would definitely move it to a common place.

Reviewer 2: This all LGTM, but I agree that we need a consistent policy across the org.

Collaborators have write access to the repo.

To become a Collaborator:
* Become an active Contributor by working on PRs.
* Actively participate in the community meeting, design discussion, PR review
   and issue discussion.
* Contact the Maintainers, express the willingness and commitment.

> * Ackownledged and approved by two Maintainers (at different companies).

Reviewer 3: typo? "Acknowledged"

Author: You caught it! :)
Thanks!
